												Articles related to Trees

Convert a Binary Tree to a Circular Doubly Link List 
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/convert-a-binary-tree-to-a-circular-doubly-link-list/

Implement a Phone Directory
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/implement-a-phone-directory/

Binary Indexed Tree : Range Updates and Point Queries
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/binary-indexed-tree-range-updates-point-queries/

Binary Indexed Tree : Range Update and Range Queries
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/binary-indexed-tree-range-update-range-queries/

Maximum Consecutive Increasing Path Length in Binary Tree
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/maximum-consecutive-increasing-path-length-in-binary-tree/

												Articles related to Graphs

Kruskal’s Minimum Spanning Tree using STL in C++
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/kruskals-minimum-spanning-tree-using-stl-in-c/

Kahn’s algorithm for Topological Sorting
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/topological-sorting-indegree-based-solution/

Stepping Numbers
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stepping-numbers/

Clone an Undirected Graph
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/clone-an-undirected-graph/

Find all reachable nodes from every node present in a given set
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-all-reachable-nodes-from-every-node-present-in-a-given-set/


										Application of Disjoint Set Union(DSU)

Job Sequencing Problem | Set 2 (Using Disjoint Set)
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/job-sequencing-using-disjoint-set-union/
										
											Articles related to Math
Sum of Fibonacci Numbers
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/sum-fibonacci-numbers/

Find Two Missing Numbers | Set 1 (An Interesting Linear Time Solution)
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-two-missing-numbers-set-1-an-interesting-linear-time-solution/

Count number of unique Triangles using STL | Set 1 (Using set)
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/count-number-of-unique-triangles-using-stl/
	
											Article on Design Pattern

Flyweight Design Pattern
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/flyweight-design-pattern/

										Article on Randomized Algorithm

1/2 Approximate Median										
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/randomized-algorithms-set-3-12-approximate-median/

											Articles related to Java

Pair Class in Java
http://quiz.geeksforgeeks.org/pair-class-in-java/

Mark-and-Sweep: Garbage Collection Algorithm
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/mark-and-sweep-garbage-collection-algorithm/

Iterator vs Foreach In Java
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/iterator-vs-foreach-in-java/

Garbage Collection in Java
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/garbage-collection-java/

HashMap and TreeMap in Java
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/hashmap-treemap-java/